(basketball bouncing)
(footsteps clicking)
(steps thudding)
(floor squeaking)
(boy panting)
(ominous music)
(girl moaning)
(upbeat music)
♪ Someone said they left together ♪
♪ I ran out the door to get her ♪
♪ She was holding hands with Trevor ♪
♪ Not the greatest feeling ever ♪
♪ Said, "Pull yourself together ♪
♪ You should try your luck with Heather" ♪
♪ Then I heard they slept together ♪
♪ Oh, the less I know the better ♪
♪ The less I know the better ♪
♪ Oh my love, can't you
see yourself by my side ♪
♪ No surprise when you're on
his shoulder like every night ♪
♪ Oh my love, can't you see
that you're on my mind ♪
♪ Don't suppose we could
convince your lover ♪
♪ To change his mind ♪
♪ So goodbye ♪
♪ She said, "It's not now or never ♪
♪ Wait ten years, we'll be together" ♪
♪ I said, "Better late than never ♪
♪ Just don't make me wait forever" ♪
♪ Don't make me wait forever ♪
♪ Oh my love, can't you
see yourself by my side ♪
♪ I don't suppose you
could convince your lover ♪
♪ To change his mind ♪
♪ I was doing fine without you ♪
♪ 'Til I saw your face,
now I can't erase ♪
♪ Giving in to all his bullshit ♪
♪ Is this what you want,
is this who you are ♪
♪ I was doing fine without you ♪
♪ 'Til I saw your eyes
turn away from mine ♪
♪ Oh, sweet darling, where he wants you ♪
♪ Said, "Come on Superman,
say your stupid line" ♪
(upbeat music)